# OOP
Object Oriented Programming Unit

Hello there! This repository is a compilation of things I learned during my object oriented programming unit in my ISC4U class! This repository includes my class notes, my class worksheet examples, as well as my end of unit assignment!

# END OF UNIT ASSIGNMENT

Our assignment for the end of this unit was to utilize everything we learned to create a program that demonstrated our knowledge. For my assignment, I chose to code a Tamagotchi simulator as I was inspired by the Tatsu Discord Bot and the Tatsugotchi function on the bot. 

# TAMAGOTCHI CODE WRITE UP

For my OOP assignment, I chose to code a Tamagotchi simulator with the attributes item, store, inventory and pet. The methods that I wanted to implement were a storefront that allowed for purchasing of items, a user inventory that stored the items bought from the storefront, and implementation that allowed a pet to use those items. While the implementation and use of the items does not work, the framework of all the objects are coded. Although I really wanted to make the cross class implementation work, most of the coding to make that happen occurred in the main file instead of the object file, and as such, it was not the main focus of this assignment. I mainly chose to code a Tamagotchi simulator as it builded on the OOP animal class examples we worked on in class, as well as incorporated the inventory example. Additionally, it reminds me of Tatsugotchi which is a Discord bot that has their own version of Tamagotchi. The Item class is the class that displays the items in our store and inventory. The Store class displays the items we have for sale, how much money they cost, and also carries out the transaction of the items and subtracts the total cost of items from user’s available funds. There’s not really anything super OOP-interesting in these two classes asides from the example of polymorphism in the Store class. The juiciest class is definitely the Inventory class, as that is our code’s heart, as everything relies on it. As such, Inventory class is the child of the Item and Store class, since we need it to append the items bought from the Store class, and to be able to access the Items created for sale in the Store class. I was also trying to get the Inventory to be able to print the items a user bought from the store front on the main file, hence why there is a cart variable. The pet class was literally the entire thing that inspired this keysmash of a creation, so I just copied and pasted it from our class example; not much explaining needed.  If I were to revisit this code, I would actually like to get the inventory to be accessible across all functions, as well as allow for user inputted customization of the Pet object.
